What are you doing here?
Get up.
Back to the Holy King
I got the news.
Lin Qianjiao came to Yunting Hotel to find Xiao Lingqing
Xiao Lingqing is not a good person
I'm afraid he will be bad for Qianjiao
If because of this
You can go back now.
I came by the order of the Lord God to rescue Lin Qianjiao
He is no longer in danger
The zodiac understands
What do you do?
Lord Holy King
Previous dereliction of duty
Let some incongruity
Dry man is close to Kyushu Villa No. 1
I ask the Holy King to give me a chance
Chance of redemption
The previous one was
I can give you a chance to atone for your sins
Get up.
I thank the Holy King for his kindness
I just have one more thing to ask for.
The subordinates have admired the Lord of God for a long time
But I have never seen the true face of the Lord God
It is said that the Lord God of Tianmen Banquet will appear
I want an invitation to the Tianmen banquet
Pay tribute to the true face of God
I don't have an invitation with me
But
This token can enter and exit the Tianmen Banquet Hall freely
Do it yourself
Chen Shaojie, why are you here?
Yuyin, of course I have to be here
Didn't Qian Jiao come to find Xiao Lingqing?
I'm afraid he's in danger
So I used more of my own personal connections
Please ask the person who holds the door to come forward
I didn't expect the Holy King to come in person
I see.
Then let's go up and find Qianjiao
Why are you here?
Qiao Lingqing's heart is not right
So I
Thank you for your Lin family
You really have to go this far?
Of course
So you water it with your body and your little home
Enough of my hard work you can't see
Is that all you can see?
I don't. Who can I depend on?
Relying on you as a worthless wife?